chore: add delegation expansion doc (#156)
babylonlabs-io/btc-staking-ts: docs/usage.md

notifies the Babylon chain about the staking transaction's inclusion.

## 4. Delegation Expansion

Delegation expansion allows you to extend an existing BTC stake with additional
finality providers or renew the timelock without going through the full unbonding
process. This implements RFC 037 BTC Stake Expansion.

The expansion process involves:
1. Creating an unsigned staking expansion transaction
2. Registering the expansion on the Babylon chain
3. Signing and submitting the expansion transaction to Bitcoin

### 4.1 Staking Expansion Registration

First, create the initial expansion registration message that will be signed
by the Babylon Provider as a Babylon Genesis transaction.

```ts
const {
  signedBabylonTx,
  stakingTx: stakingExpansionTx
} = await manager.stakingExpansionRegistrationBabylonTransaction(
  stakerInfo,
  stakingInput,
  babylonBtcTipHeight,
  inputUTXOs,
  feeRate,
  babylonAddress,
  {
    stakingTx: previousStakingTx,
    paramVersion: previousStakingParamsVersion,
    stakingInput: previousStakingInput,
  }
);
```

**Important Notes:**
- The expansion amount must equal the previous staking amount (increases are
not yet supported).

> - All finality providers from the previous staking must be included in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The expansion inherits the same set of Finality Providers from the previous staking. No new providers can be added or removed at this stage
```

Reviewer: Or i am wrong and we need to include them somewhere? If so who do i query which one i had? Just curious
